1. What’s your name?
My name is Petr Lozhkin!
How old are you?
I'm twenty two years old
Do you speak English?
Yes, of course.
2. Do you speak English? / How well do you know/speak English?
I have intermediate level. I want to improve my English.
3. You are an exchange student, are n’t you?
Yes, I am exchange student.
4. Why do you want to go to the USA? / What is the purpose of your visit the US? Why do you want to go to the USA?/
What is the purpose of your visit the US?/Why did you decide to participate?
6. Why did you decide to participate? / Why do you want to take part in a program (reason)?

I want to improve the English language / also I wont to learn  more about American culture/ also I want visit new-york or san-francisco/

5. How have you learnt about this program? / Where from did you know about the program?
my friends participated in this program in two thousand and twelve. they told me about it

7. When do you plan to fly to the USA?
I going to fly in twenty of may

10. Where are you going to work in the USA?
8. What job are you going to have in the USA? / What will you do in America? / What will be your work?
Where are you going to work in the US? What job are you going to have in the US?
I will be dishwasher/

9. How this experience will help you in your future?
I will improve my English language/ I want to have advance level.


11. Where are you going to stay in the US? / Where will you live (housing)?
I will be rent room/

12. How long are you going to stay in the USA?
When will you come back to Ukraine?
How long are you going to stay in the US?
17. When will you come back to Russia? / When will you leave the US?
I going to left America in ten September

13. What will you do if you have problems with your boss at work in the US?
I call my sponsor.

14. How did you find this job?
I find this job via agency star and travel.

15. Do you have any experience working in the same position?
No. I don’t think that is hard work

16. How mush money will you make?
My income will be eigth dollar  per hour
18. What will you do after you come back to Russia?
I will continue to study in university.
19. Are you married? Do you have children?
No, i have not
20. Do you live with your parents? Why?
No. I live in student's dorm. My parents live in town Yoshkar-Ola.
- No, I don’t ‘cause I like living separately on my own.

21. Have you got brother or sisters/siblings? Are they participating in any exchange program?
Yes/ I have sister/ she worked in Oncocenter
22. Have you ever been abroad?
i have newer been abroad
23. Do you have friends or relatives abroad?
no, I have not friend.
24. What do your parents think about your participation in the program?
They think that percipient this program help me find good work in my future
- They are proud of me. They think it will make me more self-confident and mature.

25. Who gives you money for the trip? / Who pays for your trip? / Who pay for your participation?
my  parents is my sponsors

26. What is your parents (annual) income? How much do you parents earn?
27. Where do your parents work? / What do your parents do?
- I don’t know. They never told me.
 @@@@
My father is builder engineer/ his income is fourth teen thousand ruble/
My mother is engineer of standard/ her income is twenty five thousand

28. Do you have a job? / Do you work right now?
29. What are your plans for the future?
30. What is your future job?
31. What is your future specialty?/profession?
I will be superman

32. Where have you learnt English? / How long have you been learning English?
I studied English at school for six years since the fifth grade, then at the university. I also studied English himself in my spare time.

33. What do you think the life in the U.S. will be like?
I will miss my family. I hope to be fun.
34. Do you have medical problems? / Have you got any medical restrictions?
No, I have not medical problems.

35. How will you spend your free time?

37. Can you describe yourself? / How can you characterize yourself? / What are your advantages?

36. How many rooms are there in your flat/apartment?
I live in student dorm/ I live in room with my neighbor.

38. Who are you going with? With friends.
No. I
13. Can you describe your hometown?
It’s a beautiful town with lots of trees and parks, old buildings. I love it very much.

39. Dates of beginning and end of program?

40. Will you have an orientation before your leaving?
41. Will you have orientation after arrival to the USA?
42. Have you insurance?
Yes. Of course.
43. How many people are there in your family?
Four. I have father, mother and older sister.
44. Where do you (family) live?
My parents live in town Yoshkar-ola. My sister live in Moscow.
45. Have you ever been to the USA?
I have never been abroad.
47. What about flight?
I'm not afraid to fly.
48. Could you describe the process of your registration in the program?
Yes. Firstly, I designed the office startravel, secondly , I was interviewed by my employer , I'm here now .
46. What are names of your sponsor companies in Russia and in the USA?
49. What’s name of sponsor – company’s President in the USA/in Russia?
50. Where do you go? What will you do there?
I'm going to take part in the program work and travel. I will work as a housekeeper.
51. Is this your first visit to America?
Yes,i have never been in America.
52. Why do you want to go to this state?
North Korolina is on the coast of the ocean. I have never see ocean. East cost
53. Have you ever been charged with anything in Russia or abroad?
No.I have never been charged.

Возможные вопросы на собеседовании в посольстве США. Тема Study and university

1. What University do you study at? / Where do you study?
I study at Moscow State University of Railway Engineering.
2. What faculty (fac) do you study at?
My faculty is “Institute of transport technology and management systems”
3. What course do you study at?
I first course of magistracy
7. What department do you study at?
8. What is your major?
4. What subject do you study?
I study management of transport's system
5. What are the scheduled dates for your summer vacation?
I'm going to start traveling in August. (?????) неправильно
6. Maybe pre - term passing examinations?


9. When was grounded your university?
My university grounded in eighteen ninety six.
10. Who is your teacher in accounting? (люб. др. предмет)
My teacher is Vasiliy Stepanovich/
11. Are you a student? Can you say that you are excellent student?
Yes. Sure
12. Why have you chosen this major/department/faculty?
13. Why have you chosen this university?
I know this is interesting speciality. Logistics is very popular in the modern world. My school friends advice me.
14. What year are you in?
15. How many years do you have to go?
magistracy last two years ????
16. When are you going to graduate? / When do you expect to receive your degree? / When will you finish your university?

17. Will you have problems at university if come back late?
18. Will you have any problems if you leave early?
No I am good student/ I discuss this with my dean/ he say me that I will have not problem/
my dean knows that I participate in the program and knows the timing of my participation. he likes that I participate in the international program. he supports me.
19. What are you going to do after graduation?
I will be find out work/ I want to work in railway&&&
20. What’s the name of your rector/dean/vice – dean?
22. What’s your favorite subject in university?
My favorite subjects is logistic. Logistic based on theory of graph and other further math/ very interesting/
23. What exams did you have last session?
24. How did you pass them?
25. Do you have to pay for your studies?
I have a budget form of education.
26. What classes did you miss today? At what time?
27. What classes will you have tomorrow?
28. What lessons do you have on Friday?



If yes, where do you work & what’s your job?
Is it a full-time or a part-time employment?
What is your income?

Are you a student? Can you say that you are excellent student?
Yes I good student/
Are you a full-time or a part-time student?
I am full time student



What is your major ?
My major is management of  transport’s  system.
Why have you chosen this major/department/faculty/university?
My school friends study this university/ they advised me

What year are you in?


How many years do you have to go?
Two years

When are you going to graduate?
I graduate in twenty sixteen
Will you have problems at university if you come back late?
Will you have any problems if you leave early?




What are you going to do after graduation? What are your plans for the future?



What is your future job?


What’s the name of your rector? Dean? Vice-dean?
What’s the name of your English language Tutor?
What is your favourite subject in university?
I love Further Mathematics
What classes did you miss today? At what time?
I did not miss any classes today/  we study manday thusday and saturday
What classes will you have tomorrow?
What exams did you have last session?
statistic
How did you pass them?
good
Do you have to pay for your studies?
No I study free






I want to get to know American culture. North Carolina many attractions
I want to improve English.
Also I want to visit New York City and visit its attractions




Describe himself

I am Peter Lozhkin. I am  twenty two years old. I was born in Russia in Yoshkar-Ola City. I was born on the 15th of February 1996
 I am a student. I have a bachelor's degree in nuclear physics. Now I get a master's degree in the specialty of the transport complex.
My spare time         I fond of football I like walking with my friends and have fun time.
 I am sociable, so I have got a lot of friends.
 I appreciate people's honesty, kindness, sense of justice and intelligence.
I am polite and inteligent
I don't have bad habits. I am easy going person.I am very emotional, sensual, intense, very creative person.
 I want to become a good person.
 i am confident in myself
My favourite subjects are logistic, it subject about










Я студент первого курса магистратуры.

В 2014 году я получил степень бакалавра в Нижегородском Государственном Университете по специальности "атомные электростанции".
Моя специальность "Технологические наземные комплексы". Я учусь  в миите на факультете ...
Я решил поступить в миит потому что здесь учатся мои одноклассники.
Они посоветовали мне окончить магистратуру.
Я перехал в Москву потому что в будующем мне будет легчне найти здесь работу.


Я хочу улучшить знание английского языка. Я очень хочу побывать в Нью Йорке.
В силиконовой долине Сан Франциско
Моя девушка учится в нижнем новгороде. 
Я очень скучаю. Я стараюсь ездить домой почаще, но получается примерно раз в два месяца.


Я живу в общежитии. В комнате вместе со мной живут трое соседей. Мы очень весело проводим свободное время, играем в компьютерные игры, шутим.


В свободное время я веб програмирование. Мое последнее приложение ....  Я участвую во многих open source проектах.


Я хочу улучшить свои знания английского языка. Также я хочу посетить Нью-Йорк.
I want to improve their English language skills. Also I want to visit New York and San Francisco.
 Especially San Francisco, as my hobby is programming. A Silicon Valley cradle IT.


Моё хобби это програмирование. Моё направление это веб разработка. Также я пробовал разрабатывать мобильные приложения и приложения для социальных сетей
я имею средний уровень языка




Я переехал в Москву потому что сдесь легче найти работу в будующем. Здесь живет моя сестра. Она работает в онкоцентре. Мои школьные друзья учатся в моем настоящем университете.
Я  могу вылететь в США  пятнадцатого мая в вернуться в сентябре.

Я планирую оставаться в сша по десятое сентября. В последней части моего пребывания в сша я планирую попутешествовать по восточному побережью США.  Я хочу посетить нью йорк. Или чикаго. Может быть я захочу посетить западное побережье сан франциска или лос фнджелес или даже может быть лас вегас.

После окончанию\я университета я буду работать на железной дороге.
В свободное время я люблю программировать. Я создавал веб сайты и приложения для соц сетей  и андроид. Моё последне приложение для учёта расходов. Моё любимое приложение для повторения китайских иероглифов.  Это была отличная практика, много данных много сортировок.
Я сделал его для вконтакте социальная сеть .
Я люблю кататься на лыжах. Я катаюсь на лыжах в парке сокольники.
В школе я занимался дзюдо.
Я закончил баклавриат в НГТУ. Моя специальность была ядерная физика. Я понял что физика  не моё.
Поэтому я поступил в магистратуру на другую специальность. Её посоветовали мои школьные друзья.
Я живу с соседом он учится на первом курсе по специальности энергосистемы на железном транспорте.
Я имел опыт работы на стройке в две тысячи двенадцатом году.
